Added warning about flatpages and untrusted users. (#17311)
django/django: docs/ref/contrib/flatpages.txt

How to add, change and delete flatpages
=======================================

.. warning::

>     Permissions to add or edit flatpages should be limited to trusted users
>     only. Flatpages are defined by raw HTML and are **not sanitized** by
>     Django. As a consequence, a malicious flatpage can cause various security
>     vulnerabilities, including permission escalation.

Reviewer: I would suggest slightly different wording:

```suggestion
    Permissions to add or edit flatpages should be restricted to trusted users.
    Flatpages are defined by raw HTML and are **not sanitized** by Django. As a
    consequence, a malicious flatpage can lead to various security
    vulnerabilities, including unauthorized permission escalation.
```

But looks good in general!

Reviewer 2: I agree with your edits apart from adding "unauthorized" permission escalation, since "permission escalation" is a term for an avenue of attack and so always unauthorized.
